Add document about Open Source requirements (#127)
operate-first/community: open-source-services.md

---
title: Minimum Open Source requirements for Services

> description: The minimum requirements for Open Source when working on services, that then allows further progression.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
description: The minimum requirements for Open Source when working on services, which then allow further progression.
```

---

# Minimum Open Source Requirements for Services

Here we document the minimum requirements for use of Open Source in services.
When a service meets this minimum requirements, it is then possible for contributors to further progress the service toward the complete Operate First methodology.
This represents what we expect from any _service_ claiming to be Open Source.

## Requirements

These requirements do not represent best practices, but are the bare minimum for Open Source development of services.
Most Open Source models (beyond “throw it over the wall” behavior) are covered by these requirements in one way or another:

 1. **All code and assets necessary to operate the service are shared under an open source license, and publicly accessible.**

>  1. **A public contributor can use the same workflow as a typical team member to make a change to the service.**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
 2. **A public contributor can use the same workflow as a typical team member to make a change to the service.**
```
I know MarkDown does the magic, but we refer to these requirements by number in this doc, so let's make the numbering just as obvious in the MD source.
